c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll.config
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\IluGis.pdb
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.dll
c:\users\pedro.rezende\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IluGis\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll.config
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.dll
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.xml
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll.config
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\joao.villar.ARYA\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll.config
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll.config
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll.config
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.dll
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Desktop\IluGIS2\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.pdb
C:\Users\pedro.rezende\Documents\ARYA_SIS\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\renan.xavier\Source\Repos\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll.config
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\IluGis.pdb
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Owin.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Kml2Sql.Mapping.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\SharpKml.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.dll
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.pdb
C:\IluGIS\IluGis\obj\Debug\IluGis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
